PAY-5710: First iteration of the Payment Services drop-in documentation (#162)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/all/introduction.mdx

for completing their purchase. It allows users to enter shipping and payment information, review
their order details, and confirm their purchase.

> ### Payment services

Reviewer: Move this section down to be below Order

> The [Payment Services](/dropins/payment-services/) drop-in is a key component, allowing users to efficiently oversee payment and order data from all of your storefronts in one place — your Commerce dashboard. By leveraging Payment Services, merchants can focus on growing their business while providing their customers with a smooth and trustworthy checkout experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Payment Services](/dropins/payment-services/) drop-in component allows users to efficiently oversee payment and order data from all of your storefronts in one place — your Commerce dashboard. By leveraging Payment Services, merchants can focus on growing their business while providing their customers with a smooth and trustworthy checkout experience.
```

Reviewer: I don't know what "your Commerce dashboard" means--I don't think it belongs here. 

Simplify this paragraph to say that the drop-in renders the credit card form, allowing shoppers to efficiently enter their payment details. Or something like that. No marketing. Mention that the drop-in currently supports credit/debit cards only (and I'm not sure about debit).

The [order](/dropins/order/) drop-in component provides a comprehensive set of tools and containers designed to manage and display order-related data across various pages and scenarios. It simplifies the implementation of order management functionality and supports seamless integration with both customer accounts and guest user workflows.

> ### Payment services

Reviewer 2: Inconsistent casing: `Payment services` (heading) versus `Payment Services` (link).
